Improve AWS in arch and install (#415)
Stratio/kind: stratio-docs/en/modules/ROOT/pages/architecture.adoc

** 1 EBS volume for each persistent volume.
* 1 network type load balancer for the exposure of load balancer type _Services_.
** 1 listener per port for each service.

=== AWS unmanaged

* [silver]#1 VPC.#
* [silver]#6 subnets with their respective routing tables.#
** [silver]#3 public subnets (one per AZ).#
** [silver]#3 private subnets (also one per AZ).#
* [silver]#1 NAT gateway for each public subnet.#
* [silver]#1 Internet gateway for the VPC.#

> * [silver]#1 default route in the routing table of each public subnet to exit to the Internet through the NAT gateways.#

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [silver]#1 default route in the routing table of each private subnet to exit to the Internet through the NAT gateways.#
```

* [silver]#1 default route in the routing table of each public subnet to exit to the Internet through the Internet Gateway.#
* 1 IAM policy for the cluster nodes (_nodes.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io_).
* 1 IAM role for cluster nodes (_nodes.cluster-api-provider-aws.sigs.k8s.io_).

> 

Reviewer: En la versión en español está esta línea que aquí no aparece:
```suggestion
* 2 _Security Groups_ for the _workers_ and 3 for the _control-plane_.
```

Reviewer 2: Sip

* VMs for _workers_ (according to cluster descriptor and auto-scaling).
** 1 EBS volume for each persistent volume.

> * 1 network type load balancer for the exposure of load balancer type _Services_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1 load balancer type _Classic_ for the exposure of _Services_ type _Load Balancer_.
```

> ** 1 listener per port for each service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** 1 listener per port for each _Service_.
```

The CIDR of each subnet (obtained from the secondary CIDR of the VPC), must be the same as described above (with 18-bit mask), and the 3 subnets for pods must have the following tag: _sigs.k8s.io/cluster-api-provider-aws/association=secondary_.

> ==== GCP and unmanaged AWS/Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== GCP and AWS/Azure unmanaged
```

This endpoint is published to the internet, and its access is restricted with a combination of Amazon's Identity and Access Management (IAM) rules, and Kubernetes' native Role Based Access Control (RBAC).

==== AWS unmanaged

> For API Server exposure, a load balancer is created with name `<cluster_id>-apiserver` and port 6443 accessible by the public network (the assigned public IP is the same as configured in the _Kubeconfig_) and one _Target group_ with the corresponding _control-plane_ nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For access to the API Server, a load balancer is created with name `<cluster_id>-apiserver` and port 6443 accessible by the public network (the assigned public IP is the same that resolves the URL of the _Kubeconfig_) and a _Target group_ with the nodes of the corresponding _control-plane_.
```
